BRANZEU MIHNEA 313CA

OVERVIEW:
This is a photo editing project. It takes files in the .ppm or .pgm format
and does various operations on them, such as applying filters, cropping or
rotating. The program is based on a main loop, that runs until the EXIT
command is given as input. The program is also capable of saving the edited
files in either ascii or binary formats.

DATA STRUCTURING:
In order to work, the program needs a file to be loaded. In this proccess,
all the characteristics of a photo are stored in a structure that saves the
following: 
-> the type of the file, according to the .ppm and .pgm formats
-> the dimensions of the file(pixels)
-> the maximum value on the color scale (optional depending on format)
-> the photo itself, in a 2D structure which is comprised of all the
information about a pixel, such as the red, green and blue composition
for colored pictures, the gray value for grayscale images and black/white
values for P1, P4 formats.
-> information about the selected surfaces, used for performing operations

INPUT FILES AND COMMANDS:
The program takes photo files as inputs and parses them, extarcting the
essential information and storing it in the photo structure, while reading
and ignoring comments. The files, which may be ascii or binary are opened
as binary and the information is read the same, the only difference being
the photo matrix, which requires reopening the file in its own format.
The commands given in the console are parsed the same way and after checking
if the command is a valid one, the according function is called for performing
the operation.

FUNCTIONS:
Most of the functions are based on only one parameter, that being the photo,
beacause it contains all the information needed in order to apply the needed
operation.
The base function is LOAD, which constructs the above mentioned photo, thus
providing the data we need for further manipulation. In accordance to it goes
the SAVE function, which takes the data from the structure and writes it in
a file that may later be opened and viewed as a photo.
The other functions make use of the x1, y1, x2 and y2 fields of the structure
and apply the operation solely on that surface, the selected surface. Modifying
the fields can be done when the select or select all commands are given.
CROP and ROTATE functions use a secondary matrix that helps memorizing, saving or
changing the elements in the selected area.
When the EXIT command is given, the loop stops and all the memory is freed.